Add Docker Usage (#666)
Mogztter/asciidoctor-web-pdf: README.md

$ yarn global add @asciidoctor/core asciidoctor-pdf
```

### Using Docker

> Currently, there is no public image yet pushed in a public docker registry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, the Docker image is not yet published on [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/).
```

> Therefore, you can build your own custom docker image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, you will need to build the Docker image from the Dockerfile.
```

> The base image is from the official [puppeteer](https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/pkgs/container/puppeteer), which contains puppeteer and google-chrome for pdf generation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base image is from the official [puppeteer repository] (https://github.com/puppeteer/puppeteer/pkgs/container/puppeteer), which contains puppeteer and Google Chrome for PDF generation.
```

> To build the docker image. The target image name in this example is `adoc2web`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build the Docker image, clone this repository and type the following commands: 
```

```bash
cd docker
docker build . -t adoc2web
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The target image name in this example is `adoc2web`.
```

I think it would be better to use the name `asciidoctor-web-pdf-latest` or something

Author: Yes it would be more semantic.

> Check installation in docker container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Verify that the Docker image is working by running:
```

```bash
docker run --rm adoc2web asciidoctor-web-pdf --version

Asciidoctor Web PDF 1.0.0-alpha.14 using Asciidoctor.js 2.2.6 (Asciidoctor 2.0.17) [https://asciidoctor.org]
Runtime Environment (node v16.17.0 on linux)
CLI version 3.5.0
```

> To render a cheatsheet for instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to render the cheatsheet example, move to the root of this repository and type:
```

```bash
docker run --rm \ 
  --volume $PWD:/usr/src/app adoc2web \ 
  asciidoctor-web-pdf maven-security-cheat-sheet.adoc --template-require ./snyk/template.js
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `--volume` option will mount your local copy of the Asciidoctor Web PDF repository on the container.
```
